Update text in e2e test docs (#648)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/contributing/e2e.md

type: "docs"
---

cert-manager has an extensive end-to-end (e2e) test suite that verifies functionality against a
real Kubernetes cluster.

The full end-to-end test suite can take a long time to complete and is run against every pull
request made to the cert-manager project.

> Unless you've made huge changes to the cert-manager codebase - or to the end-to-end
> tests themselves - you probably don't _need_ to run the tests locally. If you do want to
> run the tests, though, this document explains how.

Reviewer: nit: I assumed by `-` you meant em-dashes as per https://practicaltypography.com/trademark-and-copyright-symbols.html? Three dashes `---` are rendered as an em-dash in Hugo:

```suggestion
Unless you've made huge changes to the cert-manager codebase---or to the end-to-end
tests themselves---you probably don't need to run the tests locally. If you do want to
run the tests, though, this document explains how.
```

Before:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2195781/126307539-0f363304-dcb2-4145-85fd-f0e0adb29df3.png)

After:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2195781/126307486-980e8132-b6c0-41ca-9f8e-98c822cdf9ae.png)

Author: Did you mean to link to that page specifically? I'm not sure how it relates to dashes

I'm very indifferent to dash styling; I'd be totally content seeing and using `-` on any page or in any piece of text. I'll switch to emdashes though just to be fancy :wink:

> > Note: the status of each commit on the master branch is reported on
> > [`testgrid.k8s.io`](https://testgrid.k8s.io/jetstack-cert-manager-master).
> > Join the [`cert-manager-dev-alerts`](https://groups.google.com/g/cert-manager-dev-alerts)
> > Google group to receive email notifications when tests fail.

Reviewer: nit: would it be worth using a shortcode here? (not sure if my proposition is an improvement or not aesthetically wise...)

```suggestion

{{% alert title="TestGrid alerts" color="" %}}

The status of each commit on the master branch is reported on
[`testgrid.k8s.io`](https://testgrid.k8s.io/jetstack-cert-manager-master). Join
the
[`cert-manager-dev-alerts`](https://groups.google.com/g/cert-manager-dev-alerts)
Google group to receive email notifications when tests fail.

{{% /alert %}}
```

Before:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2195781/126308058-86070199-c07c-4d2a-be55-5b30fed133a1.png)

After:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2195781/126308000-babe3c75-c45c-4669-9add-8a697db25063.png)

Author: oh yeah, that's much better. I'll use that, thanks :+1:
